an earthling 4,325 on another occasion to
provoke their most terrible nightmares
this video is not exact for vaginas
scares laughs I'm serious guys
you are some pages do not see the video what
first I want to say is that this
create my pasta so to speak is from
100% and I do not know if I'm doing what
correct in explaining the believe my pasta
flooded have the formula of
bore you andrew weaver in concrete like
I said before I'm not sure if I'm
doing the right thing by 5 out of 1 said of
formula of the cangreburguer will be by
something and that something is what is good
we started already well remember the episode
on the explanation of the crustacean
crunchy truth and especially it
will remember the end of the episode when
the narrator says
and Mr. Idiom comes in now it's ready
to know the formula formula of the
Burger Cangreburguer is there to cut the
episode but when I saw it I noticed
something very suspicious and my senses believe
my racks alerted me to that episode
had been cut and I personally
with the help of a friend of mine called
antonio gimeno we were able to create a program
to see an original video that does not
was cut or modified by remembering
so program decided to execute it I put the
video in the program and in five minutes
it was codified I enjoyed to see it all
it starts normal but in the part where it
suppose that squid comes out in the video
teaching how to work in the
krustáceo krujiente a detector of
video modification is activated I put the
option to watch originally squid video
is talking to a client and goals with
is heard with a scary face as if
they were talking about murder
they finish talking and the video breaks
for 1 thousandth
I look at the proportions of the video and there was
something strange in an ariel painting
horrifying image of a baby in a
sandwich and that this one was going to be swallowed
by a man with respect to market and
blood on his face
I am very frightened and I go through a
chill throughout the body decided
restart the video the video continues
well except in the parts in which
squid to demonstrate how you work in
the crispy crustacean
in the part that scared me the most was in the
that squid says something sponge
tonight I will kill your parents and I
I will eat your remains by sponges stays
with pale face and vomit the floor
they entered crab living on tree
sponge be useless pick up your moment
with yourself ha ha ha ha do not respond
crying divisible as you want
everything else advanced very well less in
the part where the narrator stayed
without saying what was the secret formula
this is what he said formula
vulgar cangreburguer is a healthy lung
of two months old baby meat liver
perfect state of adult and finally and
most important suddenly the
picture of a face pointing to me finally
and more important
I got really scared if I did not think I was going to
give a cardiac arrest by melody
very much the chest the image is
fades away while a macabre laugh
he laughed at me you told me you should never have
have seen this if they cut it for something
imbecile for your curiosity you are going to die and
everyone who knows the formula will die later
the image of lost spongebob appears
in two with their guts and organs were
his gut was the only thing that blonde
next came a small video of
three seconds of squid violating the
sandstone and then sticking a knife
in the head then came out crab
tied to a table and squid with a
chainsaw in your hand saying you will die
clutched and unusable point came out like
squid during pressure with the
chainsaw in the belly of with crab
doing so a lot of blood came out
change the image now came photos of
people who were killed and
brutally massacred the light went on in
the neighborhood I went to check the fuses and
they were fine turned the light on and I decided
had been described with blood spots
because they hide thousands of people today
well done imbecile good this was all
guys or how easy it subscribed if you have
seen the video without subscribing idea
your houses the murders